VIDEOCULT would like to thank: 
 
Steve Gee for believing in us. 

Tucker for his incredible patience, thoughtful ideas and certainly over 5000 hours tirelessly logged in Rain World. MVP! 

The Adult Swim Games team for all their hard work helping us make this game the best that it could be. 

Everyone who tested, QA'd or gave us feedback and Elizabeth for keeping it all together.  
 
Mike for the Kickstarter advice. Garrett for the audio engine advice. Zoe for the business advice. Supriya for first slugcat cosplay. 
 
Our TIGS friends: Gimmy, Christian, Teod, chriswearly, Prinsessa, Franklin's Ghost, tortiseandcrow, oldblood, eigenbom,<LINE>Jay Tholen, JobLeonard, Schoq, Dinomaniak, fall_ark, zorg, jprosk, presidenthobbes and so many others for good advice<LINE>and great comraderie all these years. It's been like a family! 
 
And perhaps most importantly, thanks to all of the friends and fans who's overwhelming enthusiasm for a strange little<LINE>white creature set us out on this path! 

Joar would like to thank: 
Mattias for mentoring my first steps in programming.
Torvald for always supporting me and being unyieldingly enthusiasticabout the project through all of its phases.
Emanuel for playing the very earliest builds with me, and helping what would become Rain World take shape.
James, Lydia and Del for joining me on this journey.
 
James would like to thank:
Joar for letting me help out on this epic project and somehow enduring my perpetual over-ambition...<LINE>it has been quite the adventure! 
Lydia for keeping me alive, vaguely sane and even forcing me to go outside occasionally. 
Del for the cat pics and constant much-needed enthusiasm. 
Mom for backing me up with unwavering support and encouragement, sometimes despite the obvious. 
Rich for the good advice and allowing me see what was possible. 
Mark for the drinks and rants. 
And all of my friends who I probably haven't seen in the months or years yet still check in for some reason,<LINE>I have appreciated it so much.